Author: Karen Kurginyan
Date: 23.09.2024

# Locate_by_ip. Geo-Coordinates & Location Information Service

## Description

A web service that provides geocoordinates (latitude and longitude) and location data (country and city) based on an IP address (IPv4 or IPv6). There is also an SDK (client module) that interacts with the web service, allowing other server applications to send requests and efficiently process responses.

# Web Service:

Request Format:
GET http://localhost:3000/?ip=<ip>

# Response:

{
"lat": "<latitude>",
"lng": "<longitude>",
"country": "<country>",
"city": "<city>"
}

# Response Codes:

200 OK: Successfully retrieved the geo-location.
404 Not Found: No data available for the provided IP.
400 Bad Request: The IP address format is invalid.
500 Internal Server Error: Server encountered an error.

# Package Used:

The service utilizes the geoip-lite npm package for IP-to-location mapping.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository

   ```bash
   https://github.com/KarenKuro/locate_by_ip.git
   ```

2. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   $ npm install
   ```

## Running the Project

To start the application in development mode:

```bash
# development
$ npm run start
```

To start the application in watch mode:

```bash
$ npm run start:dev
```

## API documentation

The API documentation generated by swagger. URL: localhost:3000/api

## Implementation of SDK

1. To generate the SDK, you need to get the OpenAPI specification. You need to export it from your API:

In main.ts add:

```
writeFileSync('./swagger-spec.json', JSON.stringify(document));
```

2. Generating SDK using OpenAPI Generator:

```bash
# Install OpenAPI Generator
$ npm install -g @openapitools/openapi-generator-cli
```

```bash
# Generate SDK
$ openapi-generator-cli generate -i swagger-spec.json -g typescript-fetch -o ./sdk
```

## Test SDK

1. Start application

```bash
# development
$ npm run start
```

2. In another terminal run the command:

```bash
$ npm run test
```

## Stay in touch

# Documented By - [Karen Kurginyan]
